# Docs Sprint - Figure it out

- Lead: @jbenet
- Notetaker: @dignifiedquire

## Participants

- @jbenet
- @flyingzumwalt
- @dignifiedquire
- @victorbjelkholm
- @hsanjuan
- @whyrusleeping
- @lgierth


## Notes


@jbenet: 
- no lead for docs yet
- Matt is on a bus 

@flyingzumwalt:
- I’m in favor of reducing this sprint to 2 or 3 people and assigning everyone to follow up on loose ends from prior sprints, like finishing off ipfs-pack, getting the browser extension to a good place, dealing with the fire around ipfs:/ vs web:/ 
- the people who stay on the sprint can plan how to do this properly
- really docs will suck until we have someone to “own” the docs as a product computer

@jbenet
- agrees with this

@lgierth
- general agreement
- there are some fires that can be put out during this sprint
- scan current docs, fix it or remove it

@jbenet
- does anyone disagree?
> general agreement from everyone
 
-  source those things that can happen in this sprint, preferrably in issues
-  use those things in the planning call 

@flyingzumwalt
- switch to discourse or kill it could be a decision/action in the sprint

@jbenet
- Discourse, room for other discussions, e.g. multiformats
- Not a full revamp of docs possible with the current setup
- Suggested Todo: source all the tasks that could happen
- Who can own this?

@lgierth
- I can own that it happens

@jbenet
- Big fires for documentation?

##### Suggestions
> TODO: Create issues for these in https://github.com/ipfs/docs
 
- Discourse, go or kill it (@flyingzumwalt)
- Getting started and examples (@victorbjelkholm)
- How to IPLD (@whyrusleeping)
- explicit descriptions of go-ipfs and js-ipfs on ipfs.io/docs and their status of interop etc (@dignifiedquire)
- outdated things like multidaddrs that are not valid anymore, in presentations and other material (@lgierth)
- Currently the “docs” link on ipfs.io links to docs for http api. Very hard to find the docs/specs for core api (@flyingzumwalt)
- go-libp2p interfaces split over multiple packages, these could be moved into the root package (@lgierth)
- libp2p module organization, naming conventions & readmes unification (@dignifiedquire)

@jbenet & @lgierth
- make sure information presented is what IS and not what WAS or SHOULD BE

@jbenet
- use this sprint as firefighting 

@lgierth
- create issue for the go-libp2p interface discussion

@jbenet
- how to allocate time for this? please everyone allocate time for this next week!
- source awesome documentation examples
- source people who could own this and make it happen
- stripe api docs, are used as an example as to why the succeeded as a company
- how do we build the sense of "it is only shipped once it is well documented and people are able to understand and use it" into the whole team
- experiment with tooling?
- start painting a picture of what the docs should look like

@dignifiedquire
- who will stay on the sprint?

- @hsanjuan
- @lgierth
- @dignifiedquire and @victorbjelkholm would like to but probably can not
- @flyingzumwalt can contribute but not PM


@jbenet
- who can PM this? 

@hsanjuan 
- there might be not such a big PM task here, due to issues being relatively isolated

@jbenet
- need a PM for organization, leading standups, checking issues, it will go much smoother with a dedicated person
- @lgierth bring the questions up every other day on irc & slack
- solidify decision making for things spread over many issues


@dignifiedquire
- Major Goal for the sprint: "find a path forward, to make docs something we are proud of and not something we are ashamed of"



